"Atheists never progress." - Herod, IRCer
"The workers have nothing to lose but their chains." - Karl Marx 
"Don't get got." - Anonymous
"Those people who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do." - Isaac Asimov 
"Computers are useless. They can only give you answers." - Pablo Picasso 
"They don't think it be like it is, but it do." - Oscar Gamble 
"The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled." - Plutarch 
"What is missed out is always the best, what is lost is always the most precious." - Anonymous
"Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law." - Crowley 
"Man is the lowest-cost, 150-pound, nonlinear, all-purpose computer system which can be mass-produced by unskilled labor." - NASA, 1965 
"It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society." - Jiddu Krishnamurti 
"Empty your cup so that it may be filled; become devoid to gain totality." - Bruce Lee 
"Don't boast of tomorrow, for you know not what a day will bring." - Jewish Proverb 
"Now I am quietly waiting for the catastrophe of my personality to seem beautiful again, and interesting, and modern." - Meditations in an Emergency 
"Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go." - T. S. Eliot 
"What power is it that supports our battle yet starves our victory?" - Commander Kang 
"I am committed to whatever the hell it is that you people do around here." - Master Shake 
"I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious."  - Albert Einstein 
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson 
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." -Mark Twain 
"Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are." - Kurt Cobain 

"Remember to always be yourself. Unless you suck." - Joss Whedon 
"Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom." - Theodore Isaac Rubin 
"Always pass on what you have learned." - Yoda 
"The universe is monstrously indifferent to the presence of man." - Werner Herzog 
"You knock down doors! YOU KICK DOWN WALLS! And ANYBODY, who tells you can't... you take your fears, your insecurities, your worries, roll 'em all up into a ball, TURN THOSE SONS OF BITCHES SIDEWAYS, AND STICK 'EM STRAIGHT UP THEIR CANDY ASSES!" - The Rock 
"I'm not saying I'm gonna change the world, but I guarantee that I will spark the brain that will change the world."  - Tupac Shakur 
"If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration." - Nikola Tesla 
"If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them." - Bruce lee 
"We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience." - Pierre Teilhard de Chardin 
"You can't have everything. Where would you put it?" - Stephen Wright 
"A mind is like a parachute.  It doesn't work if it isn't open" - Frank Zappa 
"Nothing haunts us like the things we don't say." - Mitch Albom 
"Learn how to see.  Realize that everything connects to everything else" - Leonardo da Vinci 
"When you hold on to your history, you do it at the expense of your destiny" - Bishop T.D. Jakes 
"Maybe it's not about the happy ending, maybe it's about the story." 
"A person who truly loves you is someone who sees the pain in your eyes, while everyone else believes in the smile on your face." 
"Falling down is how we grow. Staying down is how we die." - Brian Vaszily 
"If "Plan A" didn't work, the alphabet has 25 more letters!  Stay cool."
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Dr. Forrest C. Shaklee 
"A man is but the product of his thoughts.  What he thinks, he becomes." - Mahatma Gandhi 
"We must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy." - Albus Dumbledore 
"Albeit the jealous temper of mankind, ever more disposed to censure than to praise the work of others, has constantly made the pursuit of new methods and systems no less perilous than the search after unknown lands and seas;" - Niccolo  Machiavelli. 
"Nothing is more precious for our people than peace, but it is not something that can be achieved if we simply crave and beg for it." - Kim Jong-Un 
"Work sets you free"
"You don't have a soul. You are a soul. You have a body." - C.S. Lewis 
"Can I trust you? Uh huh then I love you. If not, straight up and down fuck you" - shyheim 
"Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life." - Buddha
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." - Oscar Wilde 
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." --Socrates 
"The beginning is the most important part of the work." - Plato 
"The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark." - Michelangelo 
"Everything that is possible demands to exist." - Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz 
"People need loving the most when they deserve it the least." - John Harrigan 
"Reality leaves a lot to the imagination." - John Lennon 
"Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon 
"Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence." - Carl Sagan 
"Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere." - Carl Sagan 
"Magic is real" - Kav718
"My only regret is that I have but one life to give for my chatroom." - SudokuVegetable
"Has anyone really been far as decided to use even go want to do look more like? You've got to be kidding me. I've been further even more decided to use even go need to do look more as anyone can. Can you really be far even as decided half as much to use go wish for that?" - Anon
"Beauty is truth, truth beauty, - that is all ye know on earth, and all ye need to know." - John Keats
"Let the beauty of what you love be what you do." - Rumi
"Remember all ye that existence is pure joy; that all the sorrows are but as shadows; they pass & are done; but there is that which remains." - Hadit
"Every tree and plant in the meadow seemed to be dancing, those which average eyes would see as fixed and still." - Rumi
